Mobile Android Testing Frameworks HW Assignment.

There are many different types of Android testing Frameworks, used to testing functions of APP that it works for the need user.  Below are few them, having each whereas can be used testing area of the web, IOS or Android tools. 
Learning just few of the Android testing Frameworks, I find the most useful and acceptable one of them use is Appium mobile test framework, as its testing go over all sources areas of today being web, Android and IOS platforms.

1. Appium android testing framework can be used native, hybrid and web areas, concluding iOS and android platforms, allowing one   test out each area of app function as its need to different platforms so that use it be as much can be. The Appium has internal JSONWireProtocol, which allows it be used on IOS and Android by source of driver called Selenium’ WebDriver, this gives it exactly what needs for Framework be tested order make app work. Another good thing of the Appium that it can run different computer language functioning being Java, Ruby, C# and more, this allows tester work different PC language fields allowing more areas of app be used once done. Appium is done coding, as others are, once done is used for the purpose of the app function as needs too. 
2. Calabash is another Android testing Framework, that can run over iOS and android platforms, though as now web services may not be use as Appium used, giving it greater choice those who need greater expand of their app uses. Calabash is easy understand framework, it allows those no experience use its testing framework easily by creating and going forth with test works on both platforms of Android and IOS, giving it greater chance those who lack technical skills in testing frameworks, good one sure beginners. 
3. Espresso is new Android testing framework made possible by Google, allowing developers and testers run test out their ULS. Espresso is small easy learning and as Calabash easy leaning framework, allowing those some technical skill easy go use of testing their frameworks for their apps. It’s also been build upon the Android Framework, giving more use of test areas, such testing areas are Gingerbread, Ice cream Sandwich and beyond. Though it has uses google sources and Android platforms, it has still yet be used on web page functioning, which then only can used used such areas than others. 
4. Robotium is normal basic Android testing framework, though because it has Uiatomator, it be used more testing android and game platforms. Robotium uses google test frameworks of  UI, which are areas of native android devices, so m0ore testing is done. Another good thing of Robotium that it has five different classes it, where have more testing areas of the testing framework get app functions needed.

There are many Android Testing frameworks, uses them will allow apps function the way they do, as without them a developer with app wouldn’t know  whether a app may malfunction some time, that is why testing of these apps done, so that an App functions well beginning and always in use of app. 
